IGAPP-452: Create prettier config (#192)
Integreat/integreat-app: README.md

If you are using a different IDE like Visual Studio Code ([./docs/vscode.md](./docs/vscode.md)) the steps might differ.

* Import this project (VCS > Get from Version Control).

> * Install Prettier Plugin (inteillij should recogzie everything and format code with prettier, if not got to Settings -> Languages and Framworks | Javascript | Prettier and select the installed prettier package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install Prettier Plugin (IntelliJ should recognize everything and format code with prettier, if not go to Settings > Languages and Frameworks > Javascript > Prettier and select the installed prettier package)
```
